Help me code a smart contract in clarity with this descriptions:
An organizer create quiz and people participate. when a participant wanna start a quiz he has to pay entance fee in GEL token (as set by the organizer) and if he has no GEL token i wanna have minting functionality, Note that price pool and rewards distribution are in STX and organizer pay the price pool in STX before quiz go live.
please note that I'm utilizing fungible token and entrance fee is paid in the token (name the token GEL) and also i want the user to be able to mint. Also note price pool payment is in STX (and organizer need to pay his price pool to the contract (in STX before quiz go live) and participants get their reward in STX (immediately each participants end a quiz and his grade is among the winning grade (he get the STX reward for that grade Immdiately he finish the quiz)).
Prompt Organizer to pay price pool  to the smart contract(in STX before quiz creation is succefull)
Prompt Participants to pay entrance fee in GEL before taking quiz and once they pay the quiz start
When Partipants submit quiz they are graded immediately and get  their reward in STX immediately (smart contract transfer their rewards)  if their grade is among the winning grade:
here is the frontend taking reward from organizer to send to contract.
 When the participants are taking quiz they see the questions and options (as set by the organizer) and choose their answer.  which their score is what's used for grading and here is the calculation (correct_option/Total_questions * 100) use this to grade rewards and an organizer set rewards for each grade is what the participants get immediately he submit his quiz. Note rewards are in STX.
Note that this smart contract data should be dynamic (and noting should be statically set including the rewards)  based on what the frontend send to the smart contract. An organizer submit the quiz detail, question with options and their answers. and the participants get quiz question and options from the smart contract and select their answer which is used for grading.